Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Band.
Today's Tuesday, March the 24th, and
this is the Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by Trend Spider, gamma flows by
Menter Q. What are we taking a look at?
Well, we are looking at the E-mini S&P
on the daily.
Wide angle lens, Menter Q put wall 6500,
Menter Q call wall 6750.
We're caught between these edges. Let me
explain a little bit about what I
think's going to happen in the next few
days. I believe we're going to be
trapped in this candlestick for several
days. Notice, the last
expansive candlestick was on March the
9th. We spent 2 4 6 7 8 days
9th day before we closed out of it.
The 10th day, we actually closed right
on the edge of it. And now we're
fighting there again. Do we think this
number at 6630 is important? Why, yes,
we do.
Right? That's a very important number.
We spent a lot of days just kicking it
around, especially some major days. So,
this area at 6631 is going to give us
um
sort of a
magnet. It's going to be a magnetized
view. What are we looking at? Well,
point of control looks like about 6645.
So, again, we're looking at where all of
these guys opened and closed. This
candlestick is going to keep us in range
for several days.
That's my suspicion. If it does not
if it expands to the south or it expands
to the north, it will give us a tail.
This is just a natural market flow. What
is trend in the market currently? It's
negative.
It's negative. We've lost the 200 on the
day
and we stay below it. And, you know,
Ryan Dietrich watches them all the time.
He says, as many traders say, "Nothing
good happens under the 200." Okay? So,
and that's for bulls. Nothing good
happens for bulls.
Okay, zoom into the 30-minute. You're
going to see the charts look a little
bit different. Why? Well, we got a new
VIP season coming up, and my goal is to
develop mechanical structures that allow
traders to actively see where the broad
market is looking,
and then frame out their trades from
there. So,
I don't I don't want you to have to do
all kinds of calculations, look for
where the big volume is. That's going to
come
with time and strength. Okay?
Time and and trading strength. For right
now, we're in the pre-market. So, what
we do know, because our 30-minute
closing candle yesterday is so vague,
and our 30-minute opening candlestick is
so tight, yesterday's 30-minute
candlestick is master and commander. Lo
and behold, my friends, 6631.
Okay? Did not plan that. I
That's just what these candlesticks do.
Okay? So, here's the battleground. Now,
so we know what the framework is.
The next thing is, what about these
pivots? Well, the pivot yesterday is
lower than the pivot today. So, we know
the traders are trying to stay to the
north. What is trend? Trend is down.
We are on the pivot. We are on the VWAP.
Trend is down. Momentum is up. This is a
clear no fly zone for trend. What this
ends up being is a region that is going
to be sideways. So, where's the go no
go? The put wall for 0 DTE, which
changes very quickly and during the day,
is sitting right now at 6575. If we look
at price action, we can see 6590
is really the number that we could
potentially stage as a long.
With the stop being 6575.
So, you might say, uh-oh, it's making me
update. Sorry.
So, what we might say is, "Hey, I
probably ought to use some micros here."
Right? Probably ought to use a micro.
So,
there we have it.
>> [clears throat]
>> The value area low inside of the
30-minute formation
is 6604.
Value area high inside of the formation,
6690.
This is sideways. Look at where the big
body is. We have no volume down here per
se because we just rocketed straight up
and blew through a bazillion stops.
Okay? Now,
where might the chart go if it breaks to
the north?
Two things we're going to look at. Our
value area high, which I just mentioned,
that's 6694,
and the call wall. 6749.
6750, excuse me. That's also right on
top of the first pivot.
So, that is a very pretty place. Also,
the put wall, if it breaks south, 6500,
and the pivot is sitting there also. So,
this area around 6500, 6497,
that's going to be the zone. Other than
that, you are going to see whipsaw.
Slope is very messy, and here's what I
notice.
>> [snorts]
>> When the trend is down from the moving
average,
and we are sitting above the pivot,
trend is still master and commander. So,
bounces are going to give us sell zones.
Doesn't mean that you can't take a long.
You just want to make sure that you get
out
at those highs that you're seeing. And
right now, you can tell the traders are
really trying to push high. Also, some
big traders went short, excuse me, went
long
in this area
a couple of days ago.
Right? Last week Friday, some of these
guys went long.
They might have gotten blown out here,
but I am pretty sure that some big money
is trying to go long again
to uh push the market to the north.
Okay? So, what we really have to stare
down is how the dollar is behaving, but
we can talk about that some other time.
All right.
I noticed [cough and clears throat]
that I forgot to do Bitcoin yesterday. I
don't even know if I forgot to do
Bitcoin all week, to be honest. I It
just fell from my mind. All right. NQ,
let's take a look.
What's trend? Daily, downward.
We have an upward moving 200, but we are
under it.
Put wall, 24,000.
Call wall, 24,700.
Okay? Same storyboard.
Great big candlestick formations.
Attempt to leave it,
but in a range. So, we have wicks, and
the candlesticks fall in the range. And
look at how many days. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
days. Closes on the edge.
This one is performing a little bit
better than
the broad market. What's our line in the
sand? 24,200. Okay?
Let's go to the 30-minute.
What are we staring down? Downward 200.
Flat VWAP. We're above the VWAP. It's
flat.
And
our pivot, our central pivot, which is
the yellow line, is sitting underneath
us as support. What's momentum? Up. So,
what's this tell us? Remember,
the trend has to be up as well,
as well as the pivot point being our
support. So, this gives us a cross
current. So, what does that mean?
Dips are buys
into resistance. So, what is that
resistance?
Support zone, 24,340.
Resistance zone, 24,670.
And then, of course, we've got 24,700
as that call wall there.
Could we try to get up top here? Yes.
But, as I mentioned, I suspect it is
going to give us a wick. So, where could
that wick end up? This is the pivot,
24,850.
Perchance it does that, it is very
likely to fade. Very likely to fade.
Momentum is holding fairly solid, fairly
steady. It's above the midline, above
zero.
And so, that gives us a dip buying event
into resistance. Okay? So, we're going
to use the pivot area to give us the
flow. Now, where's the go no go line?
I think it's going to be the pre-market
low. Okay? And that's somewhere around
24,190.
If you can pull in and bounce off of
that floor, it's going to give you the
dip buy. Otherwise, this is a formation
that says bounces are going to bring us
down into the noisy patch. Point of
control looks right like right about
where we are right now. Right? The point
of control is sitting
right where this 30-minute candlestick
formation
is in charge. And you can see the
traders have breached the base. Oh, come
on, Fred.
The traders have breached the base of
the 30-minute. It's going to be sitting
in here. All right? 4-hour also sitting
in here. 30-minute also sitting in here.
This 3:30 candle is still in control.
It's still in control. So,
are we building an inverted head and
shoulders pattern for those of you that
like patterns? Maybe so.
But, this is already telling us, "Hey,
listen, I have my pivot as a floor. I'm
above my VWAP. I'm above Excuse me.
I'm on this 5-day fast.
And I've got a The problem is I have a
keto flu right now. So, my apologies.
So, what is happening right here is this
dip
bringing us into support and then
allowing us to go to the top of the
range where we're likely to see
resistance. There's really not very much
supply
unless we get all the way to the call
wall. So, it could be very bullish, you
know, whatever. Let's go to Bitcoin.
>> [clears throat]
>> And let us uh remove
our
lines. Let's go to the daily. Again,
same thing. What's happening?
Well, this is sort of like, you know,
rewind, replay.
We're still trying to build a base.
Listen, there are a lot of people
banging the Bitcoin drum right now. So,
it means everything to them
to hold
this
formation.
They want to hold it.
1 2 3 4 5 days ago, we breached 75,000.
The goal is for them to pull back
maybe all the way to 65,000 where the
put wall is
to buy.
That's a fairly good buy zone, 65,000.
If it does that,
it can go to 10,000 all the way up
there. A lot of supply still sitting
here. And again,
if they can't do this,
taking it to 85,000 where the call wall
is,
it's going to take us down to 50,000.
Uh I'm not really sure that that happens
because I think it'll sit range-bound.
That's That's my suspicion. 30-day
chart, same storyboard.
All right, here we have our
330 candlestick of the prior day.
It's holding
the majority of the motion. It just
broke out of it. Just broke out of it.
What is the trend of the 200? It's down.
VWAP is flat. Momentum is up. What's
that mean? It's hunting for resistance.
Where's resistance? It's going to be the
supply zones.
That's up here, 71,000, 72,000. You want
to run with it? Not a problem. Your
stop,
70,000.
My suspicion, however, is because trend
is down and the VWAP is flat, it's going
to come right back down to 70,000. So,
intraday,
70,000 is going to be a pretty nice area
to consider a buy. Look at this.
See, it's got no real peak, per se,
other than
you know, yesterday's pivot, which pulls
us right around here. The pivot today is
lower than yesterday's pivot. And so,
it's got a trend drag sitting on it.
That being said, dips
could easily be buy zones here with a
floor
just under 70,000.
So, if you're looking to trade the box
and you're saying, "Hey, if it doesn't
come here, I'm not going to take it."
That number's about 70,200.
Mhm,
which is, you know, 1,000
$1,000 away from where it is right now.
Want to break out, it's this whole box
of inventory that's been sitting here.
And that is
$1,500 wide.
And so,
you know, that's like 93 and some
change, which is really
right where the max line is
for
uh the gamma flow from InterQ.
The first pivot is 72,750.
That's going to be your test. If,
peradventure, it breaks down, that's
$1,500 to the downside or so, about
$1,500,
then that gives us, you know,
6850.
The
pivot is 68, 260.
So,
that's very close. And it's heavy
congestion from the past. Nice easy flow
bracketed motion tells you what's going
on. But again, the framework is trend
down, VWAP flat.
Above the pivot, dips are buys, but only
into resistance. If it breaks the floor,
all the buys are off the table until it
hits another zone of front-line support.
But why do that if you're looking at
trend and momentum going down? If it
loses the edge, watch for the first dip
up that fails and then just ride it
straight back down.
All right, let's go to oil.
Oil, a little bit sideways. Let's
uh move all the annotations here.
I am personally
quite bullish energy in all forms.
Um
we have been in a regime for about 10
years that's bearish energy.
But it's ridiculous to be bearish energy
because we need energy. But all the ESG
programs and the like forced
uh CAPEX to be reduced across the board
and this created this downward drift.
Now, times are changing. Okay, so, here
we have
uh This is our
This is [snorts] our candlestick that
we're sitting in, right? This
monstrosity right here from March 9th.
We know
this is the day that we had
um
We had the business in uh Iran
and Israel. And so, the 50% range, well,
we can eyeball it right there. It's
right at 100.
What are the traders trying to do?
Well, they're really trying to build
inventory here. It doesn't look very
good, but they're trying to build
inventory up here.
This is where all the inventory actually
is. And so, they are well above cost
basis
in terms of, well, you know, we are
really making some cash. The base of
this candlestick at about
$78, $79,
potentially our floor. Potentially. We
could lose the edge, but it's going to
bounce.
If
From my
from my opinion, okay? It's going to
bounce. So, what are we staring down?
We've got another big candlestick
yesterday.
We're going to sit inside of this range,
which is inside of this range. So, got
the double whammy
looking there. So, let's go into the
30-minute. Realize you got a lot of
rangy stuff.
We can see that we are below
value,
but in range
of
the prior trading day. If we just use
the prior trading day
as our formation,
it's going to show us
in range, of course, of the prior day
and also in value. It's really sitting
right at the volume point of control at
this line. So, this 89 level really
important. A lot of demand underneath,
supply all the way to the north. So,
let's get some of our levels. Let's talk
about it.
Pivots.
Today's pivot, lower than yesterday's
pivot. Trend?
It's down.
VWAP is flat. Okay? Sideways current.
Bounces are sell zones. Are we sitting
in a range? Why, yes, we are. Where is
that range? It's a big box of inventory.
And that inventory box is
about that wide.
with the wick
that's a higher low at 8543.
It's like a trend. This looks a little
different to our other charts, but let's
Let's look at this, right? This trend
break is very important. Now, we're
below the pivot and we're below the
moving average. So, that tells us we
have bearish pressure.
Okay? The VWAP is flat, telling us that
bearish pressure is bounded by a measure
of support because a flat VWAP means
that we are buying above it and also
selling below it and the net net is
zero. So,
what would I do? Well,
here's the thing. This trend line break
going to be pretty important. I want to
trade in the direction of what my pivots
are telling me and
the moving average. They're both telling
me it's downward flow. So, my bounces
are going to be sell zones at this time.
Where is the top of the range? That's
going to be value area low. If I am
selling bounces
and I breach value area low,
selling is off the table because the
trend line is holding. I'll be above the
pivot again. My momentum will be up and
I'll be off to test the highs. Bounces
are still sell zones.
Bounces are sell zones. And so, that's
what we're looking at. Yesterday's
anchored VWAP is right about the same as
the pivot of the prior day.
So, things are flowing pretty easily.
Are the traders going to try and buy
this dip? Yes,
they are. Why?
Because,
you know, nobody believes the rhetoric
anymore. So, they're going to try and
buy the dip.
What's actually happening is a currency
calculation, but that We don't want to
get into that. I've talked to you about
that already. So, what do we want to
see? Pre-market low needs to hold, and
that's about 8870.
Maybe 8860, something like that.
8850, okay? 8850 is that floor, the dip
into that area could give us the buy.
But for me, I will be in this formation,
I'll be looking for shorts up at the top
of the range, and if it turns around and
ends up being a buy zone, I'll turn
around and flip, but I want to follow
trend.
And currently, trend is down. You might
say, "But Emery, what if I'm using a
50?"
And so,
if you're using a 50, I I don't have the
calculations based on a 50.
But if you're using a 50,
it's even more negative.
Okay? Just don't use things like 20s,
10s
for this kind of trading structure. It's
It's not going to work. The goal is can
the pivot tell me what's going on
combined with that moving average, okay?
On the 30-minute formation.
Okay, upper edge is $98.90.
I've no idea why I just blew that
raspberry.
I guess I'm exhausted. I don't know.
Uh 85 and then
8165. [laughter]
Oh my word.
All right. Here we are.
Here's gold. Let's go the daily.
So, what do What do we have? On the
daily,
still very sideways.
Right? Very very sideways. It is inside
of an inventory event.
This one is lopsided
because the call is under the put wall,
which is bizarre.
It's bizarre. But this is the range that
it's sitting inside. Here's the 200, it
kissed it yesterday, bounced right off
of it.
Point of control right around 4,000.
There's been just an tremendously
energetic move down inside of gold.
Momentum very
deep to the downside, but it is a
reflexive event.
So, let's go to our 30-minute
and let's do our storyboard.
What is trend?
It's down.
What's momentum? Momentum is up.
Where's our pivot? The pivot continually
goes down, but we are sitting above the
pivot with price.
Call wall,
or so. Put wall, 4614.
What is this storyboard telling us?
Well, one, we're very far away from the
200, but the 200 is negative.
We have a sideways VWAP, but we're above
the VWAP, and we're about to breach the
call wall. Trend is down.
So, bounces are sell zones. But the
bounces could be bigger.
4500, um
was sort of the big line in the sand a
couple of days ago, still
the same. All right? Notice our
3:00 candle
seems to be
holding where everybody else's is,
but the big candle
that has all the afternoon volume flow
really came
at 11:30, 11:30 to 12.
Right? So, we've got this big pocket of
inventory. Notice
the And you know, let me
Let me see about these colors.
Columns.
Let's make that
Yeah, a little bit brighter. Yeah.
Notice we're building in uh
a secondary point of control here. The
big point of control is up at the put
wall at 6720,
6715. And so, we're building all of this
inventory. It goes actually all the way
back here
>> [gasps]
>> to be sure. And so, that's what we're
staring down. Above 44
60, wait for it to pull back.
If it holds,
try for the breakout. Notice,
we're trying for the breakout here, but
it did not hold. Now, why? Because we're
under the pivot,
and the moving average is negative.
So, all the bounces, even though we're
above the VWAP, all the bounces will be
into resistance. That's what That's the
beauty of this pivot flow combined with
the moving average, okay? That's what
gives us that frame that says, "You
know, I could take a long here, but I
better watch out. I better not hold it
for a long time." Okay?
Yeah, that's what we're staring at.
Let's go to the spy.
Let's take all of these things off. Good
grief. Look at that compression. All
right. What do we have?
Same big monster candle, same big flow,
8 days, and then the ninth day it breaks
out.
So, what are we staring down?
Underneath the 200, bouncing off the put
wall at 640. Call wall way up here at
700. Still
huge.
Let's go to 30-minute.
Very noisy, I realize. Let's expand it
out so we can see the clean regions.
Okay.
4:00 a.m. opening range formation,
that's Europe.
Underneath the V underneath the VWAP, uh
begins above, ends up underneath the
VWAP. The pivot is moving up, but we are
under the pivot, and
the moving averages are down.
Momentum is flat.
And when the VWAP is flat and momentum
is flat, we have chop.
So, what do you want to look for? Trend
down,
momentum flat, VWAP flat,
under the pivot. We're looking for dips
that buy and spikes that sell. What are
the spikes?
660, that first zone, um
looks pretty good. That's our first
pivot, 660. There's also a ton of supply
up there, and
the value area high is 662.
No, excuse me, value area low, 662.
Value area high, 673. Look at the spike
at 670. That's really where the point of
control is for this entire trading
space. What do we want to look for?
Well, the pre-market low
is very close to
our first support zone
from a pivot perspective. That's 652,
653. If we lose 653,
we've got more bearish flow.
Right?
That's what we can stare down right
there,
but that should be a dip zone, and then
up into
the pivot, which is 657.
This is very sideways. I would not be
trading
spy today at all, unless we got a savage
move down or savage move up. Either one
of those would give us
something to trade. All right, folks,
that's it for me.
Stay frosty.
Trade small or not at all. Listen,
sometimes it's okay to watch.
Listen, we
we love watching very cool sports, or at
least I do, right? I like watching
uh daredevil kind of things. I do. I
don't I don't feel the desire to play if
I go, "Hey, I'm going to break some of
my legs." Some of my legs, like I have
three. I have only two. Yes, in case
you're wondering. Yeah, I don't want to
break some of my limbs. There we go. And
so,
sometimes it's good to stay out of the
market. Don't feel like you have to
trade because the candles are moving.
Sometimes it's just flat out dangerous.
Flat out dangerous. And the older you
get in the market, the more you're going
to figure that out. Okay? All right,
take care, everybody. I'll see you on
the streams.